Update index.md (#28358)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/meter/index.md

  - : The lower numeric bound of the high end of the measured range. This must be less than the maximum value (`max` attribute), and it also must be greater than the low value and minimum value (`low` attribute and `min` attribute, respectively), if any are specified. If unspecified, or if greater than the maximum value, the `high` value is equal to the maximum value.
- `optimum`
  - : This attribute indicates the optimal numeric value. It must be within the range (as defined by the `min` attribute and `max` attribute). When used with the `low` attribute and `high` attribute, it gives an indication where along the range is considered preferable. For example, if it is between the `min` attribute and the `low` attribute, then the lower range is considered preferred. The browser may color the meter's bar differently depending on whether the value is less than or equal to the optimum value.
- `form`

>   - : This attribute is used to explicitly associate a `<meter>` element with a `<form>` element. It is an optional attribute, but if included, its value must be the `id` attribute of the `<form>` element that is associated with the `<meter>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : This optional attribute is used to explicitly associate a `<meter>` element with a {{HTMLElement("form")}} element. If omitted, the `<meter>` is associated with its ancestor `<form>` element, if any, or the form association set by the `form` attribute on another ancestor element, such as on a {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}}. If included, the value must be the [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) of a `<form>` in the same tree. 
```

>   - : This optional attribute is used to explicitly set a {{HTMLElement("form")}} owner for the `<meter>` element. If omitted, the `<meter>` is associated with its ancestor `<form>` element or the form association set by the `form` attribute on another ancestor element, such as on a {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}}, if any. If included, the value must be the [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) of a `<form>` in the same tree. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : This optional attribute is used to explicitly set a {{HTMLElement("form")}} owner for the `<meter>` element. If omitted, the `<meter>` is associated with its ancestor `<form>` element or the form association set by the `form` attribute on another ancestor element, such as on a {{HTMLElement("fieldset")}}, if any. If included, the value must be the [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/id) of a `<form>` in the same tree.
```
